doc/features/auth/README.md, before:

# DSE Authentication

Two authentication providers are included to connect to a DSE cluster secured with `DseAuthenticator`:

- `DsePlainTextAuthProvider`: Plain-text authentication;
- `DseGssapiAuthProvider`: GSSAPI authentication.

To configure a provider, pass it when initializing the `Client`:

```javascript
const dse = require('dse');
const client = new dse.Client({
  contactPoints: [ 'host1', 'host2' ],
  authProvider: new dse.auth.DseGssapiAuthProvider()
});
```

## DSE Unified Authentication

With DSE 5.1+, unified Authentication allows you to:

- Proxy Login: Authenticate using a fixed set of authentication credentials but allow authorization of resources
based on another user id.
- Proxy Execute: Authenticate using a fixed set of authentication credentials but execute requests based on
another user id.

### Proxy Login

Proxy login allows you to authenticate with a user but act as another one. You need to ensure the authenticated
user has the permission to use the authorization of resources of the other user. 

In the following example, we allow user "ben" to authenticate but use the authorization of "alice".

We grant login permission to "ben" by using a `GRANT` CQL query:

```
GRANT PROXY.LOGIN ON ROLE 'alice' TO 'ben'
```

Once "ben" is granted proxy login as "alice":

```javascript
const dse = require('dse');
const client = new dse.Client({
  contactPoints: [ 'host1', 'host2' ],
  authProvider: new dse.auth.DsePlainTextAuthProvider('ben', 'ben', 'alice')
});

// All requests will be executed using the authorizationId 'alice'
client.execute(query, params, { prepare: true });
```

### Proxy Execute

Proxy execute allows you to execute requests as another user than the authenticated one. You need to ensure the 
authenticated user has the permission to use the authorization of resources of the specified user.

In the following example will allow the user "ben" to execute requests as "alice":

We grant execute permission to "ben" by using a `GRANT` CQL query:

``` 
GRANT PROXY.EXECUTE on role user1 to server
```

Once "ben" is granted permission to execute queries as "alice":


```javascript
const dse = require('dse');
const client = new dse.Client({
  contactPoints: [ 'host1', 'host2' ],
  authProvider: new dse.auth.DsePlainTextAuthProvider('ben', 'ben')
});

// The following requests will be executed as 'alice'
client.execute(query, params, { prepare: true, executeAs: 'alice' });
```

Please see the [official documentation][auth-doc] for more details.

[auth-doc]: https://docs.datastax.com/en/latest-dse/datastax_enterprise/unifiedAuth/unifiedAuthTOC.html

Commit message:

Kerberos: add doc entry and fix build

doc/features/auth/README.md, after:

# DSE Authentication

Two authentication providers are included to connect to a DSE cluster secured with `DseAuthenticator`:

- `DsePlainTextAuthProvider`: Plain-text authentication;
- `DseGssapiAuthProvider`: GSSAPI authentication.

To configure a provider, pass it when initializing the `Client`:

```javascript
const dse = require('dse');
const client = new dse.Client({
  contactPoints: [ 'host1', 'host2' ],
  authProvider: new dse.auth.DseGssapiAuthProvider()
});
```

To use the `DseGssapiAuthProvider`, you need to add the dependency to `kerberos` version `~0.0.24` in your application.

## DSE Unified Authentication

With DSE 5.1+, unified Authentication allows you to:

- Proxy Login: Authenticate using a fixed set of authentication credentials but allow authorization of resources
based on another user id.
- Proxy Execute: Authenticate using a fixed set of authentication credentials but execute requests based on
another user id.

### Proxy Login

Proxy login allows you to authenticate with a user but act as another one. You need to ensure the authenticated
user has the permission to use the authorization of resources of the other user. 

In the following example, we allow user "ben" to authenticate but use the authorization of "alice".

We grant login permission to "ben" by using a `GRANT` CQL query:

```
GRANT PROXY.LOGIN ON ROLE 'alice' TO 'ben'
```

Once "ben" is granted proxy login as "alice":

```javascript
const dse = require('dse');
const client = new dse.Client({
  contactPoints: [ 'host1', 'host2' ],
  authProvider: new dse.auth.DsePlainTextAuthProvider('ben', 'ben', 'alice')
});

// All requests will be executed using the authorizationId 'alice'
client.execute(query, params, { prepare: true });
```

### Proxy Execute

Proxy execute allows you to execute requests as another user than the authenticated one. You need to ensure the 
authenticated user has the permission to use the authorization of resources of the specified user.

In the following example will allow the user "ben" to execute requests as "alice":

We grant execute permission to "ben" by using a `GRANT` CQL query:

``` 
GRANT PROXY.EXECUTE on role user1 to server
```

Once "ben" is granted permission to execute queries as "alice":


```javascript
const dse = require('dse');
const client = new dse.Client({
  contactPoints: [ 'host1', 'host2' ],
  authProvider: new dse.auth.DsePlainTextAuthProvider('ben', 'ben')
});

// The following requests will be executed as 'alice'
client.execute(query, params, { prepare: true, executeAs: 'alice' });
```

Please see the [official documentation][auth-doc] for more details.

[auth-doc]: https://docs.datastax.com/en/latest-dse/datastax_enterprise/unifiedAuth/unifiedAuthTOC.html
